Difficulties encountered so far: Dealing with displaying both a game winner and a series winner to the 
				 user without making the view too crowded. Issue amplified due to the
				 limitation of using a 900x900 display and basing all of the current
				 UI decisions around these dimensions. For example, enlarging the game
				 screen would offset the position of the game board where it is 
				 currently anchored.

				 Clarifying what will make a "smart" AI 
 
Solutions proposed/implemented:  Addition of a dedicated 'Game Over' Screen which will display the
				 series winner to the user once the series has been decided. This option
				 frees us to work with a fresh, clean panel and avoid confusion from
				 otherwise putting both the game winner and the series winner on the
				 same display

				 A heirarchy of move choices for the AI was established. The AI must
				 first determine if it is in a winning position and take advantage of 
				 it. Otherwise, if it is in a losing position, it must try and block
				 the player. Otherwise, use the current implementation of putting
				 a piece in a random spot on the board.

Changes to original design: User has a means of specifying the length of a series alongside the 
			    the presets for a best-of-3 or best-of-5 game.
				
			    Addition of the dedicated 'Game Over' Screen
				- Led to the proposition of new requirements such as a Main Menu button
				  and a Rematch button. This way, if the players want to play the exact
				  same series again, they don't first have to go back to the title screen
				  and set up all the presets from the beginning.

			
			   Proposition for a RESET button if players wanted to redo the current match
				- this could mean either undoing the last move or resetting the entire
				  game; will require refinement
				- Must be disabled if a match winner has been determined and re-enabled
				  for the next match. This way, background counters aren't disrupted
				  and the series can play out naturally without getting too hung up
				  on a single game


Project as a whole has moved out from the proof of concept and basic functional development stages.
Current version includes all basic facets of a tic-tac-toe game including specifying series length,
being able to play against a user or computer, being able to play the actual game and having a 
winner determined. Progress towards the final version will include UI refinement and movement
towards the development of a smarter AI system.